Consentua V Competitors
I need a way to manage consent to meet GDPR.
The easiest way to manage consent is to deploy a tool which simply records and helps you to manage your consent requirements and your customer’s consent decisions. Consentua is one such tool, a lightweight low impact API. It gives users choice and control over what happens to their personal data.

You can also consider a more complex, feature rich Personal Information Manager that will own your and your customer’s personal data interactions. This tool would become your golden record of identity. It would capture and manage consent for that users identity.

Consentua V Competitors.
The table below is a comparison of Consentua versus a PIM based approach to managing user consent.  




Bonus Benefits for using Consentua: 

Consentua facilitates an improvement in trust between the data subject and your organisation. 
Improves operational efficiency and reduces risk. Provides a single enterprise and organisation wide view of consent.  
Establish your ‘Consentfulness' score
Prepare for an AI driven world using the forthcoming Consentua bots.

Conclusion

The easiest way for 99% of organisations to quickly control the management of consent under GDPR is to use a purpose built consent manager such as Consentua. It is a flexible, secure and lightweight API solution. It encourages trust and improved customer service.

Deploying a whole PIM suite may be the right thing to do for some organisations but it is likely to be a more complex process for a less flexible long term solution. The reliance on using your user’s personal data also means there is risk of unauthorised access.

Consentua helps a DPO manage a single point of entry into your organisation to see who has consented to what. It helps your marketing team get closer to, and know more about, your cutstomers. It provides choice and control.


How do I get Consentua? 

Simple.  
Go to www.consentua.com to learn more.  
Contact the team at contact@consentua.com
Start preparing your consent template by taking the output from the privacy impact assessment (PIA) that will be conducted as part of the GDPR preparations to build your unique consent management service. 
Install the API so it works with your enterprise/business systems.  Consentua requires a common user id so it will work with your systems. Consentua does not hold any user data other than this ID. 
Start using Consentua! 
